BUG: `assert_extension_array_equal` using the wrong dtype (#55812)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v2.1.3.rst

Bug fixes
~~~~~~~~~
- Bug in :meth:`DatetimeIndex.diff` raising ``TypeError`` (:issue:`55080`)

> - Bug in :func:`testing.assert_extension_array_equal` that could use the wrong datatype when calculating time units (:issue:`55730`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :func:`testing.assert_extension_array_equal` that could use the wrong unit when comparing resolutions (:issue:`55730`)
```

Reviewer: Could you also move this to 2.2.0.rst?
